## BitVector

The Bit Vector Programming task requires reading a list of integers from an input file and outputting 0 if the integer has been seen before and 1 if the integer has not been seen before. This task is performed using two functions: processFile and readNextItemFromFile, both of which are implemented in the BitVector.cpp and BitVector.h files.

### Description
The code in BitVector.cpp reads an input file line by line, parsing each line as an integer and writing either a 0 or 1 to an output file based on whether the integer has been previously encountered.

The code uses an array "elementsPresent" of size 2 * 2147483648 + 1 to store whether a number has been previously encountered or not. The index in the array for each number is calculated by adding 2147483648 to the number.

__Instructions for Running the Program:__

 - Clone the repository containing the Bit Vector Programming Assignment code.
 - Open the project in your preferred IDE.
 - Build the project to create an executable file.
 - Navigate to the directory containing the executable file and input files.
 - Run the executable file, passing in the name of the input file and the desired name for the output file as command line arguments.

 __File Structure:__

 - BitVector.cpp: Implementation of the processFile and readNextItemFromFile functions.
 - BitVector.h: Header file containing function declarations and any necessary data structures.
 - sample_inputs: Directory containing sample input files for the program.
 - sample_outputs: Directory containing the corresponding output files for the sample input files.
 - BitVector: Directory containing the executable file generated by the program.

 __Input File Format:__

 - The input data file will have one integer on each line.
 - Integers in each line can have a white space before or after them.
 - Lines with no inputs or white spaces will be skipped.
 - Lines with two integers separated by white space will be skipped.
 - Lines that contain a non-integer input will be skipped.

 __Output File Format:__

 - There will be one line in the output file for each integer.
 - The output file will contain 0 if the integer has been seen before and 1 if the integer has not been seen before.

 __Testing:__

 - The program has been tested using the sample input and output files provided in the repository.

### Requirements

The code requires a C++ compiler to build and run the code. The code has been tested with GCC on Linux and Microsoft Visual Studio on Windows.

### Usage

To use the code, you need to create an instance of the BitVector class and call the processFile method. The method takes two parameters: the input file path and the output file path. The method will process the input file and write the result to the output file.

```c++

#include "BitVector.h"

int main(int argc, char *argv[])
{
    BitVector bitVector;
    bitVector.processFile(argv[1], argv[2]);
    return 0;
}
```

### Exception handling

The code uses the ios_base::failure exception from the C++ Standard Library to handle file I/O errors. The exception message contains the error details.

### Logging

The code uses a logging manager (LogManager) to log messages for debugging and status purposes. The logging level can be set to control the verbosity of the logging messages.

### Limitations

The code is limited to processing files that contain integers that can be represented as a signed 32-bit integer. The code will ignore any lines in the file that are not integers, or integers that are out of the range of a signed 32-bit integer.

#### Authors

- Suryaprakash Kompalli
- Niyomwungeri Parmenide Ishimwe
